one of the ships strategies are dying person for most of the war strategy
that is dying out that on arrival is because I say, you know, your
team, your shift. Everyone's gonna know. Oh, you know, out never
falls through. I've always is nothing expect what u s So you know this
this end of the end of all deal with it. You know, I'm just going
to war. Use up Booth at the same time. There is a time and place for
that in the Marines and working today. Oh, yeah, that's right. Now,
uh, no, we're not. We're not sure of that. You shot at. That's not
gonna flow. So the best thing you could do is understand your mission.
I understand the technology. Understand your capability to fight
the mission that will know that we hope you get tradition